
<p><u><strong>Description</strong></u></p>
<p>Admin would be able to proceed the full amount refund including the the Shipping Amount through the CC (Automatic)</p>
<p><u><strong>Prerequisites</strong></u></p>
<p>1. User has access to the ERP application<br />2. WooCommerce Connector is configured</p>
<p>3. Customer has access to the WooCommerce Web Application</p>
<p>4. Shipping is configured in the wooCommerce</p>
<p>5. <a href="http://Authorize.net">Authorize.net</a> plugin is installed in the WC and configured it</p>
<p>6. <a href="http://Authorize.net">Authorize.net</a> payment method related payment release check box is disabled in WooCommerce settings</p>
<p>7. Authorization is selected as the Transaction Type in the&nbsp; in the WooCommerce&nbsp;</p>
<p>8. Document Discount has been selected in the Order Settings of Store Settings</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><u><strong>Detailed Steps to Test</strong></u></p>
<p>1. Open the WC Customer Application</p>
<p>2. Login to the WooCommerce web application as the Registered Customer</p>
<p>3. Add some items to the cart</p>
<p>4. Select the payment method as CC and proceed, Then place the order</p>
<p>5. Prepare and Process the sales order from process screen</p>
<p>Commerce &gt; Processes</p>
<p>6. Open the Payment record from Sync History</p>
<p>Commerce &gt; Sync History</p>
<p>7. Make sure the payment Status is 'Pending Processing'</p>
<p>8. Validate the card and Release the Payment</p>
<p>9. Open the related Sales Order record and Click on the &quot;Hold Button and then UnHold it</p>
<p>10. Make sure the Status has been changed as 'Open' in the Sales Order Record</p>
<p>11. Open the particular Sales Order record in the WC as the admin</p>
<p>12. Refund all the added quantities and all the Shipping and Shipping taxes</p>
<p>12.1. Select the refund source as credit card</p>
<p>13. Make sure the Balance is 0</p>
<p>14. Prepare the Refund entity and Process it</p>
<p>15. Make sure the Refund entity is processed successfully</p>
<p>16. Go to the Sales Order record and validate the refunded items in the details tab</p>
<p>17. Open the Pre-payment record and validate the Balance</p>
<p>18. Make sure the customer payment document is created and validate the full amount</p>
<p>19. Validate the Freight Price in the Totals tab in the Sales Order</p>
<p>20. Validate the Discount tab</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><u><strong>Expected Results</strong></u></p>
<p>16. The quantities have been changed as 0</p>
<p>17. The balance is 0 in the Pre-Payment</p>
<p>18. The customer payment document is created and Total order amount is recorded as the customer payment record</p>
<p>19. The&nbsp;Freight Price should be 0</p>
<p>20 The Discount amount and the percentages of the Sales order Discount tab is displayed as '0'</p>
