
<p><strong><u>Description</u></strong></p>
<p>The template Item created in WooCommerce with set of variants based on Template Item with matrix items exported from Actumatica</p>
<p style="margin-left: 0.0in;"><strong><u>Prerequisites</u></strong>&nbsp;</p>
<p style="margin-left: 0.0in;">1. User has access to the ERP application<br />2. WooCommerce Connector is configured<br />3. User has opened the Template Items page in Acumatica</p>
<p style="margin-left: 0.0in;">4. Item class is created for Template item - Stock Items</p>
<p style="margin-left: 0.0in;"><strong><u>Detailed Steps to Test</u></strong>&nbsp;</p>
<p style="margin-left: 0.0in;">1. Create a Template item by filling all the mandatory fields<br />2. Stock item Boolean= True</p>
<p style="margin-left: 0.0in;">3. Created Item class for Template Item - Stock Item is selected</p>
<p style="margin-left: 0.0in;">4. Create configuration for the template item through the Attributes</p>
<p style="margin-left: 0.0in;">5. Generate Matrix items based on the Item creation configuration and configure the price for each item</p>
<p style="margin-left: 0.0in;">6. Save the record.</p>
<p style="margin-left: 0.0in;">7. Create a purchase receipt for the inventories generated for Matrix item and add Qty for all the all the variants.</p>
<p style="margin-left: 0.0in;">8. Release the purchase receipt and make sure requested quantities have been added to the each inventory item</p>
<p style="margin-left: 0.0in;">9. Prepare and Process the Template Item entity.</p>
<p style="margin-left: 0.0in;">10. Prepare and Process the availability entity for the template item related inventory items</p>
<p style="margin-left: 0.0in;">11. Go to the WooCommerce backend and open the exported template item as the admin</p>
<p style="margin-left: 0.0in;">12. Go to the Variations tab and validate whether all the Metrix items have been exported correctly</p>
<p style="margin-left: 0.0in;">13. Go to the Inventory tab and validate the Qty exported via the availability entity</p>
<p style="margin-left: 0.0in;">14. Validate the Price related to each matrix item<br /><br /></p>
<p style="margin-left: 0.0in;"><strong><u>Expected Results</u></strong>&nbsp;</p>
<p style="margin-left: 0.0in;">11. Template Item is exported correctly</p>
<p style="margin-left: 0.0in;">12. Variations are exported successfully and all the data are correct</p>
<p style="margin-left: 0.0in;">13. Quantity should be correct as configured i the AC</p>
<p style="margin-left: 0.0in;">14. Price is exported with the items correctly.</p>
<p style="margin-left: 0.0in;">&nbsp;</p>
<p style="margin-left: 0.0in;"><strong><u>Test Data</u></strong></p>
